Ingredients

1 whole chicken, cut up (skin optional)
2 standard size containers of sour cream
paprika
onion (not red)
2-3 cups (480g - 700g) flour
2-3 eggs
water
salt
bacon grease or oil
Equipment

big pot
pan with lid (or an old plate to cover)
Procedure

Put on a (BIG) pot of water to boil (for dumplings)
Chicken
Chop up onions (we like them done very small to hide them from the kids) and brown them in your pan (the heavier the better) with some bacon grease (traditional) or lard or your preferred kind of oil (healthier but, if you must, then use olive oil for flavor).
When the onions have softened and well colored, add the chicken to the pan. Brown rapidly, then season with paprika (to taste), turn heat down, add enough water added to cover the bottom of the pan and cook on low. Keep covered but with the lid slightly cocked to prevent boiling.
Dumplings
Make these while the chicken is cooking.
Take flour, eggs, salt (just a pinch) and water at room temperature (to be added as needed) and mix to a sticky consistency (for dumplings to be ‘sticky’ inside have wetter dough; for dry the same all through, make a dryer dough).
Use a desert spoon (or a melon baller for smaller dumplings) to drop dough into boiling water (to keep them from sticking to the spoon, let it heat up in the water).
When the dumpling floats, its done. Remove, put in a bowl (a tiny slick of melted fat/oil on the bottom might help if they stick) and keep them to one side in a warm place.
Assembly
Now your chicken is cooked (chicken should be cooked to 160 °F) and your dumplings are all done (make sure they are thoroughly drained).
Add dumplings and sour cream to pan, stir thoroughly but carefully to coat.
Add more paprika, until it is more pink (or orange) than white.
Taste sauce: it may need more paprika or salt. Sometimes it is easier to remove the chicken, and then pour the dumplings and sour cream over the top to coat (when serving), depending on how big your pan is.
Use rye bread (with seeds) to sop up the sauce when you're done eating.